---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Part 1 of a short story I am writing 
categories: [litblog] [first impressions]
title: Damnation (Part One)
---

I met him at the club on a Friday night.  I expected little more than another body to tear apart.  But as he wholly submitted to me, exposing his every truth and corner; as I carved into his flesh; as we acquainted ourselves in the most intimate, the most raw and human way possible—I knew that he was the one I had so long yearned for.  Fates benevolent that we had an unquestionable attraction, a room, and the entire night to ourselves.  In a single night, strangers became lovers.

The hour before we met, I struggled to get to work through the night rush of Los Angeles.  Cars strapping people of all sorts and stations congested the streets.  There were families bearing children jaded beyond their years, hedonist youth drinking away their prime knowing the future will be miserable regardless, aging bachelors tricking themselves into contentment.  They all march in the name of traffic, the blood of the city.

The city is born at around five AM.  The once dormant heart beats again and the earliest risers trickle downtown.  By eight, there is great excitement, all rise and halt in a celebration of life.  For a moment there is a perfect portrait of the human condition—human hope and anticipation for the new day so great it overflows the city—but the blink of traffic lights eventually beats the jam away into the vital organs.  Traffic levels until a final burst at five PM.  From then on, the heart slows to a halt, gravity sinks the cars down into the suburbs.  The city is dead.  But come dusk, a new city rises from its ashes, a new city with newborn and without newdead, and the cycle of life continues.  The laws of nature are as true of cities as they are of any other organism.  But the heart of Los Angeles never stops beating; the traffic is somehow thicker in the night than in the day, the streets forever bleed and refuse the city rest.  In this way the City of Angels is cursed: can a city truly live if it never dies?  The monster survives by sucking the lifeforce of its inhabitants; the Hollywood lights are lit with the shiny powder of crushed and grounded dreams.

What has become of my hopes and dreams?  What more will the city take from me before it is satisfied?  These questions busied my mind until I drenched in the shadow of the parking complex.  There is no room for distractions in a place of war.  I searched the desolate terrain, climbed countless stories, and fought rival lekkers.  The artillery stopped after twenty minutes.  I found a spot in a deserted corner of the complex, by that time the soldiers had departed.  My only company were the cold rows of cars around, the city’s flickers below, and the pallor smog above.  There was a catholic quiet, a quiet deep and rich and free from the bickers of life that only the dead can afford.  My hurried footsteps echoed into the nothingness.  I knew I was unwelcome here: Hell is no place for the living.  As I descend the cars curl tighter and tighter around me, choking and toying me, threatening to hit me in my softest parts and pound me.  I escaped alive, but many of their future riders will not; countless men parade in their grave every day and night.  I hurried down to the club where my supervisor—and *he*—expected me.
